Played at Victoria TTRPG Nite, 2024-03-13, at the meeting house.

# Players

- Jeff Cunningham; jeffs.gamingstuff@proton.me
- Wren Wright; wrenwrightly@gmail.com
- Stevie Rostad; stevierostad@gmail.com
- Niki Swoboda; nicolas.swoboda@gmail.com

# Raw Impressions

This was my first playtest.

I had four players.

Play took about two hours (7:15pm - 9:15pm) with a short bio-break.

Everybody took the "Foreshado" encounter move, which gave the Threat a lot of details!

It felt like it dragged in the encounter and the struggle.

The stakes weren't always clear.

Narrative authority was ambiguous, to the story's detriment. Maybe authority should be centralized or spelled out?

Niki was hesitant to make decisions for the table (e.g. choose a Mission Concet)


# Analysis

First of all: people played a game that I came up with whole-cloth, and said they had a good time. I won't discount the alchemy of having friendly faces around a table but still--this is a very exciting first for me!!!


## Things to Add/Remove/Change

- Name list
- Clarify Detail vs. Concept vs. Tag
- Specify who has what authority when?
- People roleplay!!! :)
- More instructions on framing a beat, answering questions
- Decrease pick list size and make less esoteric? Might benefit from having
  it on every player sheet
- Put numbers players will need on playbooks (e.g. what's a Bad/Mixed/Good outcome?)
- There were a lot of pages to deal with; could get rid of some of those!
- Some moves need a balance pass (e.g. tension)
- Smaller numbers and fewer moves might tighten up the encounter?


## Ideas / Thoughts / Problems

- Glossary specifying what different details mean?
- How to prevent players from _just_ re-doing _Alien_?
- The resolution of the 
- An episode of TV might be closer to the timeline / amount of energy of a 2-3 hour game
